1. Asynchronous nature may makes the program runs not at the same time, and thus may lack in consistency in all the data, and thus may have different output with the same input; the loose typing may make the programmers confused when reading their previous codes and also debugging others' codes, and may also cause a lot of different output due to some small typo that may not result in an error; similar to the previous things, the different web platform that JavaScript runs may also lead to different result, even if the code is the same.
2. Loosely typed language are easier to compile with no errors, and asynchronous features makes the language easier to run with less errors. Both make the code harder to crash.
3. An interpreted language does not have to compile a program into machine instruction, while the compiled language does have. JavaScript is an interpreted language, and it is thus can be generated by different webs, while it must have the previous pain points mentioned as drawbacks.
4. Learning JavaScript make people easier to understand how a webpage works, thus it is easier to do other things after understanding how programming languages work at the frontend. If people do not learn the framework, they may be confused by it when learning other stuffs.
5. This lab at least gives an intro of JavaScript and also how programming languages runs on web. In this way, we may easier to understand some behavior of the webpages and also have someway to check and debug errors when we are confused by an webpage, and also our own work.